and we start with some breaking news
Israeli troops have entered gaza's NASA
Hospital in the city of Khan Yunis to
search for the remains of hostages who
were seized by Hamas reports indicate
one patient has been killed and six
others injured so far mobile phone
footage appears to show The Raid
underway Israel's military says they
have quote credible intelligence that
Hamas which is recognized as a terror
group by several countries had been
holding hostages in the complex at some
point the ra comes a day after the Army
forced thousands of displaced
Palestinians who had been Sheltering in
the hospital to
evacuate about to enter and let's go
straight to our correspondent Amia who
joins us from Jerusalem Amia what do we
what more do we know about the situation
in the hospital
there well the Israel Defense Forces
claim that they're conducting a precise
raid using Special Forces on this
hospital they claim that they've uh
given a warning to the people in the
hospital to evacuate although they have
not evacuated the people themselves
there's a big difference there in terms
of security uh many of the patients have
stayed for fear of being shot while
leaving the hospital at least one
patient has died in the raid so far
according to reports uh Hamas as well as
the hospital staff also say that the
Israel Defense Forces shot uh into areas
where thousands of civilians are
Sheltering now this hospital is not
being used only as a hospital but also a
shelter for many civilians who have come
from other areas in Gaza so at Le at
least one person killed in the raid now
what's interesting here is that the IDF
and press statements said that they were
looking to retrieve the bodies of
hostages uh what they're talking about
here is those hostages that have already
been killed by Hamas so they're not
talking about retrieving uh living
hostages but the bodies of hostages so
that's the situation at the hospital at
this moment so civilians of course very
much in Focus as you said Israel is now
focusing on the very south of Gaza uh
what are its goals
there well it stated goals are to sweep
the area for Hamas Fighters this has
been the goal since the October 7th
terrorist attack carried out by Hamas uh
to basically destroy the organization
itself uh now they've been doing this in
the north of Gaza for months now the
concentration now is on the south of
Gaza hanun where this hospital is has
largely been evacuated by civilians and
they have been pushed up against the
Egyptian Border in the town of Rafa
where Israel is threatening to conduct a
ground Invasion despite the warnings of
its closest allies including Germany and
the US they say that their ground
invasion is imminent that they are going
to give uh civilians a chance to leave
that area before it begins but that
they're going forward with that plan now
Palestinians on the other hand claim
that the uh aims of the Israel Defense
Forces are more Sinister that they're
not just looking for Hamas Fighters but
they're looking to exact revenge on the
population of Gaza for the Hamas
terrorist attacks and some even claim
and this has been echoed by far right in
Israel uh that they are intending to
push uh Palestinians up against the
border and even into the Sinai desert in
Egypt largely pushing them out of the
area claimed by Israel itself uh so both
sides uh having different opinions about
what the uh the aims of the Israel
Defense Forces um are here in this fight
for southern Gaza but it's certainly the
case that there's a humanitarian
disaster unfolding in that area there
the Ws am thank you very much
am